Hello! DC is a city for walking.
In our neighborhood, I can do all my errands.
Marsha, before we get ice cream,
I need to return three books to the library.
Where is the library?
●●●
●●
●
It is on this street on the corner.
Awesome!
●●●
●●
●
Let's go!
Marsha, I can return the books here.
●●●
●●
●
Anna, what are those in the books?
Marsha, these are letters to my family and friends back home … four letters!
Is there a post office near here?
●●●
●●
●
Um, no. The post office is far from here.
But there is a mailbox across from the store.
Awesome! Let’s go!
Marsha, now I need to buy stamps.
●●●
●●
●
Do you have cash?
No. Is there a bank near here?
●●●
●●
●
There is a bank behind you.
Thanks, Marsha.
You know our neighborhood so well.
Now I have cash. I can buy stamps.
●●●
●●
●
That store sells stamps.
Wait here. I have stamps.
●●●
●●
●
Wow, you’re fast.
Thank you, thank you letters,
for sending my words… my love … to my family and friends -
●●●
●●
●
Do you have more cash?
I do!
●●●
●●
●
Ice cream!!
I love my new neighborhood!
Everything is near our apartment!
Even hair salons, and ice cream!
Until next time!